Eugenie kitchen hi I am Eugenie
today I'm making deep-fried crispy onion
wings it is perfect for an own play
outside dish and a snake you can always
find all my recipes at
eugeniekitchen.com and don't forget to
check out my Nespresso espresso giveaway
for this summer
first I will slice 1 onion 1/2 into C
don't slice the thicker than this
otherwise the onions 1 get cooked too
thoroughly and separate them into wings
in a mixing bowl add one and a quarter
cups of all-purpose flour and coat the
onion wings with flour using chopsticks
or tones and cap to remove excessive
flour then transfer to a wire rack over
foil or parchment paper it's possible to
skip this process but onion ring batter
adheres to flour the onion batter then
in a bowl of leftover flour add in 1/2
cup of an arch 1/2 teaspoon of garlic
powder 1/2 teaspoon of dried parsley
dried oregano is also afraid and whisk
to combine
then crack an egg in a bowl and break it
and in a bowl of dry mixture add in the
egg and 3/4 cup of milk and whisk until
homogeneous in the total dish
throw in 3/4 cup of dried breadcrumbs or
Japanese panko
now code four or five onion rings in
batter and transfer the batch to a wire
rack to remove excessive batter and
immediately move the batch to bread
crumbs and coat even with bread crumbs
now add the onion rings into vegetable
oil it is easy to 365 degrees Fahrenheit
for $185 just drop a little bit of
batter into the oil and if it starts to
cook with bubbles then it's ready to go
and today in a deep heavy bottomed the
pan I added about 2 inches of oil each
easy now fry under squeeze it and golden
for about 2 to 3 minutes now transfer to
a wire rack over parchment paper or a
paper towel line the tray and
immediately sprinkle with salt and
pepper to taste but if you had to talk
in better the onion might sweat and the
batter would fall off and if you're a
fan of cheese like me trade your choice
of cheese over onion rings
parmigiano-reggiano would be great for
me also I love onion rings with simple
tomato ketchup or mayonnaise freshly
fried breaded onion rings are so
delicious see perfectly breaded crispy
outside and tender inside
I'm telling you all the fashion breaded
onion rings are the past find more easy
yet delicious recipes in my savory
playlist thank you for watching bye